DrudeLorentzPadeBath can create a Shifted-Drude-Lorentz-Pade Bath (#2574)
qutip/qutip: doc/guide/heom/bosonic.rst

    axes.set_ylabel(r"Population", fontsize=16)
    axes.legend(loc=0, fontsize=16)

> Shifted-Drude-Lorentz Bath

Reviewer: I think the new section should go under the "admonition" block below

--------------------------

> To create a Shifted-Drude-Lorentz Bath, as discussed in :ref:`Drude-Lorentz Environment <dl env guide>`,
> with a shift of :math:`\Omega`.
> Two Drude-Lorentz baths can be connected to the same site using a similar approach as in the previous section:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As discussed in :ref:`Drude-Lorentz Environment <dl env guide>`, a Shifted-Drude-Lorentz bath
with a shift of :math:`\Omega` can be created by combining two regular Drude-Lorentz baths.
Two Drude-Lorentz baths can be connected to the same site using a similar approach as in the previous section:
```

> .. plot::
>     :context:
>     :nofigs:
> 
>     baths = []
>     for i in range(N_sys):
>         Q = proj(i, i)
>         # Two baths are added with same coupling-operator
>         baths.append(DrudeLorentzBath(Q, lam/2, gamma + 1j * Omega, T, Nk))
>         baths.append(DrudeLorentzBath(Q, lam/2, gamma - 1j * Omega, T, Nk))

Reviewer: Ah sorry, one more thing. This must be `code-block` instead of `plot`, otherwise it will try to run the code when generating the documentation (and fail because `Omega` is undefined).

```suggestion
.. code-block:: python

    baths = []
    for i in range(N_sys):
        Q = proj(i, i)
        # Two baths are added with same coupling-operator
        baths.append(DrudeLorentzBath(Q, lam/2, gamma + 1j * Omega, T, Nk))
        baths.append(DrudeLorentzBath(Q, lam/2, gamma - 1j * Omega, T, Nk))
```

As a side note, it is easy to see that if :math:`\Omega=0` then we get two
Drude-Lorentz baths each with a coupling strength of :math:`\lambda/2`.

> Now, because :math:`\gamma` and :math:`T` are same for both of them, it the
> two can be combined to form a Drude-Lorentz bath of coupling strength :math:`lambda`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, because :math:`\gamma` and :math:`T` are same for both of them, the
two can be combined to form a Drude-Lorentz bath with coupling strength :math:`\lambda`.
```
